**Team Reflection: **
**1. Team Organization/Communication:** Our team was separated into individual and team  roles to streamline responsibilities, including a project lead, document leads, and design/content specialists. We used discord to communicate with each other and held weekly meetings to discuss major progress updates. Frequent meetings were organized as necessary to discuss updates, realizations, and errors. We shared documents on discord to finalize our understanding so each member is aware of the changes prior to committing them to github. 
**2. Decision-Making:** We used a democratic approach for decision-making. Opinions were discussed with the entire team prior to making a final decision. Differences in opinions were resolved through majority voting in order to give each member an entitled opinion. This method allowed us to move forward with each step relatively faster and efficiently. 
**3. Prioritizing and Estimating User Stories:** We prioritized user stories based on two factors: user impact and technical implementation. As a team, each of us contributed 4-5 user stories which we then went over as a team to decide the complexity, requirements, and effort for each user story. In order to finalize the user stories we voted on the most important stories that we would like to implement based on the impact and implementation. We had two rounds of voting where we brought down the number of user stories in the second round after discussing reasoning and feasibility from different perspectives. This method helped us to clarify and meet user story expectations. 
**4. Meeting Frequency:** Our team met once-twice weekly. Our weekly meetings were scheduled to discuss major planning and organizing tasks for the week to each member. During these meetings we would also review our current progress, updates, errors, areas of improvement. Our second meeting of the week was scheduled to check in for any abrupt issues that may have occurred during the week. Ad hoc meetings were scheduled as needed closer to the deadlines in order to review each task and commit in detail. 


**Lessons to take Forward: **
**Clarity on Role Expectations:** Assigning and organizing roles more clearly so each member can work on the same amount of tasks as another member. In the next phase, we hope to assign tasks in a more organized manner decreasing any potential slowdown. 
**Prioritize Knowledge Sharing:** Some team members have more experience in certain areas/aspects compared to others which led to a minor slow down of our tasks. In the future, we plan to arrange additional meetings to discuss our understanding of tools, techniques, applications…etc. This will allow each member to be equivalently equipped with the skills to move forward. 
**Better Time Management: ** Some tasks took a lot longer than expected creating a miscalculated timeline of our tasks. In the future, we hope to give each task a more realistic timeline rather than estimating based on experience. 
